Update jenkins-infra mailing list description (#6494)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/_partials/mailing-lists/jenkins-infra.adoc

> Mailing list for jenkins.io operations and https://www.jenkins.io/projects/infrastructure/[Jenkins Infrastructure].

Reviewer: We use site local links so that development instances of the pages do not surprise contributors by linking back to the releases site.
```suggestion
Mailing list for jenkins.io operations and link:/projects/infrastructure/[Jenkins Infrastructure].
```

Author: Missed that, thanks!
